c:\Users\erol_\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Site\Api\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\Users\erol_\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Site\Api\bin\roslyn\csc.exe.config
c:\Users\erol_\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Site\Api\bin\roslyn\csc.rsp
c:\Users\erol_\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Site\Api\bin\roslyn\csi.exe
c:\Users\erol_\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Site\Api\bin\roslyn\csi.rsp
c:\Users\erol_\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Site\Api\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\Users\erol_\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Site\Api\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\Users\erol_\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Site\Api\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Scripting.dll
c:\Users\erol_\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Site\Api\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\Users\erol_\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Site\Api\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Scripting.dll
c:\Users\erol_\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Site\Api\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\Users\erol_\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Site\Api\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\Users\erol_\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Site\Api\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.amd64.dll
c:\Users\erol_\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Site\Api\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.x86.dll
c:\Users\erol_\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Site\Api\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\Users\erol_\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Site\Api\bin\roslyn\System.AppContext.dll
c:\Users\erol_\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Site\Api\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\Users\erol_\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Site\Api\bin\roslyn\System.Diagnostics.StackTrace.dll
c:\Users\erol_\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Site\Api\bin\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.dll
c:\Users\erol_\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Site\Api\bin\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.Primitives.dll
c:\Users\erol_\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Site\Api\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\Users\erol_\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Site\Api\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\Users\erol_\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Site\Api\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe.config
c:\Users\erol_\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Site\Api\bin\roslyn\vbc.rsp
c:\Users\erol_\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Site\Api\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\Users\erol_\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Site\Api\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\Users\erol_\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Site\Api\bin\Api.dll.config
c:\Users\erol_\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Site\Api\bin\Api.dll
c:\Users\erol_\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Site\Api\bin\Api.pdb
c:\Users\erol_\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Site\Api\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\Users\erol_\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Site\Api\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\Users\erol_\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Site\Api\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\Users\erol_\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Site\Api\bin\MongoDB.Bson.dll
c:\Users\erol_\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Site\Api\bin\MongoDB.Driver.Core.dll
c:\Users\erol_\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Site\Api\bin\MongoDB.Driver.dll
c:\Users\erol_\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Site\Api\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\Users\erol_\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Site\Api\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\Users\erol_\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Site\Api\bin\System.Runtime.InteropServices.RuntimeInformation.dll
c:\Users\erol_\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Site\Api\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\Users\erol_\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Site\Api\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\Users\erol_\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Site\Api\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\Users\erol_\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Site\Api\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\Users\erol_\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Site\Api\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\Users\erol_\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Site\Api\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\Users\erol_\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Site\Api\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\Users\erol_\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Site\Api\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\Users\erol_\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Site\Api\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\Users\erol_\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Site\Api\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\Users\erol_\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Site\Api\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\Users\erol_\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Site\Api\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\Users\erol_\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Site\Api\bin\MongoDB.Bson.xml
c:\Users\erol_\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Site\Api\bin\MongoDB.Driver.xml
c:\Users\erol_\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Site\Api\bin\MongoDB.Driver.Core.xml
c:\Users\erol_\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Site\Api\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\Users\erol_\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Site\Api\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\Users\erol_\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Site\Api\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\Users\erol_\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Site\Api\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\Users\erol_\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Site\Api\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\Users\erol_\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Site\Api\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\Users\erol_\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Site\Api\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\Users\erol_\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Site\Api\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\Users\erol_\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Site\Api\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\Users\erol_\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Site\Api\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\Users\erol_\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Site\Api\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\Users\erol_\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Site\Api\obj\Debug\Api.dll
c:\Users\erol_\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Site\Api\obj\Debug\Api.pdb
